What
HTTP1.1 and HTTP2 are both protocols used for the transfer of data between a client and a server over the internet. 

*Request Multiplexing : HTTP1.1 can only process one request per connection at a time, meaning a browser might have to open multiple connections to a server to download all of a page's resources.
 HTTP2, on the other hand allows multiple requests and responses to be sent and received simultaneously over a single connection, which can significantly improve page load times.

*Header Compression : HTTP2 uses HPACK compression for HTTP headers, reducing the overhead of sending additional headers with each request and response. 
This can result in faster load times, especially for sites with many small resources.

*Server Push : HTTP2 allows servers to proactively push resources to the client before they are requested.
 This can be useful for loading critical resources like CSS and JavaScript files faster.

*Binary Protocol : HTTP2 uses a binary framing layer instead of text based protocol, which makes it more efficient for computers to parse and process.

*Backward Compatibility : HTTP2 maintains backward compatibility with HTTP1.1. This means that if a client or server doesn't support HTTP2, they can still fall back to using HTTP1.1.

6. **Encryption**: While HTTP1.1 can be used with HTTPS for secure connections, HTTP2 is designed with security in mind and requires the use of HTTPS.
 This ensures that all data transferred between the client and the server is encrypted.

Write a blog about object and it's internal  representation in Javascript?
   *A JavaScript object is a collection of unordered properties. Properties can usually be changed, added, and deleted, but some are read only. 
    Objects in JavaScript are very much similar to the objects in real-life. We can see a lot of Objects around us in this real world, each with its own set of properties.
   *JavaScript is a versatile and powerful programming language that is widely used for web development, among other applications. 
      One of its key features is its use of objects to represent data and functionality.In this blog, we'll explore what objects are in JavaScript and how they are represented internally.
  1 .what are the objects in Java Script:
   *In JavaScript, an object is a collection of key-value pairs, where the keys are strings (or Symbols) and the values can be any data type, including other objects.
      Objects in JavaScript can represent complex data structures, such as arrays, functions, and even other objects.
    example:
               const person = {
                        name: 'John',
                         age: 30,
                       address: {
                                 city: 'New York',
                                 country: 'USA'
       }
     };
  2.Internal Representation of Objects in JavaScript:
        Internally, JavaScript engines use various data structures to represent objects, depending on the properties and methods of the object. 
        One common internal representation is a hash table, where each key-value pair is stored as an entry in the hash table. 
        This allows for fast access to properties and methods by their keys.
  3.Creating Objects in JavaScript:
        There are several ways to create objects in JavaScript. One common way is to use object literal notation, as shown in the previous example. 
       Another way is to use the new keyword to create an instance of a constructor function:

       
       function Person(name, age) {
        this.name = name;
       this.age = age;
        }

  4. Conclusion:
         Objects are a fundamental part of JavaScript and are used to represent data and functionality in a flexible and powerful way. 
       They are internally represented using data structures like hash tables, which allow for fast access to properties and methods. 
        Understanding how objects work in JavaScript is essential for writing effective and efficient code in the language.







  







